There we go.
What in the world is going on?
Well, what I can tell you is everything that's going on is in the control of the Lord.
Amen.
We know that.
Am I going to tell you something new today?
No, but what we will go over as a reminder, a refresher of why we do what we do and why we should do what we do.
You remember when the Lord was
going to make a visit to Sodom because the cries of Sodom had raised up to heaven and it was time for God to do what needed to be done.
First he passes through Abraham, lots of more to that story, but when that was over and he was leaving, he says to the two angels, shall I keep from my servant what I'm about to do?
And then he shares what he's about to do to Sodom.
Abraham takes that and it moves him into intercession as he prays for Sodom.
God always will tell his servants what he's going to do before he does it.
And it gives us these things in the scriptures that we can see it coming.
And you know that thing, objects appear closer than they are, that thing that's in your mirror.
Let me tell you, objects are as close as they appear.
And that is right upon us as we look at these things that we're going to study today.
Like I said, we'll probably hit over 100 verses.
They'll all be recorded here for you as we look at these 14 points.
I'm going to get to spend two, three minutes on each point, you know, to make my point about the matter.
But, you know, prophecy isn't just about foretelling the future.
We study prophecy because we get to know our Lord better.
We get to know His heart.
We see this tremendous heart of God.
He screams out to his mankind, I am coming back.
He screams out to mankind, there's a way out of the mess that you're in and that's whether it's the end of the future, into heaven and glory or even now and today because I think there's many men and the things and women that we're gonna study here today.
It's just a picture of the discontentment of the human heart.
The emptiness of the soul that's longing for something more but looking for it in all the wrong places or looking for it in such a wave of deception that they don't even see how deceived they are and just continue down this path.
And I start with today, hey, 2025, we close, God's been faithful.
2026, God's gonna be faithful to you.
But I pray myself, I don't preach.
I probably listen to myself more than anything else.
When I look at these things and share these things, Sunday to Sunday, I know the heart of the Lord speaking to me.
And I just really believe that 2026, God can do something amazing in your life.
I don't know how 25 ends for you, but I know how 26 can be and that our God is on the move.
He's living as powerful and his word is sharper than a two-edged sword.
And he's ready to do something great and mighty.
We study these things in prophecy because it should be just a way.
life as we look at these things it's practical it's essential for the times that we live it's getting to know the Lord better as we see the heart of God but it's living intentionally with a purpose I'm not just passing through none of us are just passing through
Every last one of us as a servant of God, three things we looked at for the last week, two weeks that we've been together is that we're saints and that means we're dedicated.
And what are we dedicated?
We're dedicated on to him for his purpose and his glory.
We are the chosen.
He chosen us out of this world
for a love relationship with him, and then to make it sure that no one is confused by any way of what that means to be chosen, he then adds, and this is Ephesians chapter one through six that we've been looking at for the last two weeks, he calls us the adopted.
Predestined before the foundation of the world.
Adopted, I wanted you, sons and daughters, we talked about it on Christmas Eve, there's a law behind it.
There's more than just an emotion and the great emotion God sent has only be gotten sunborn in the major that then went to across the trade places with us to give us life and that more abundant forgiveness of sin and everlasting life.
But there's a law behind it because when it was written Roman law, you could never disown.
Those who are adopted and he's making that statement, your mind.
forever and then we come now let's live like it and here's what we do as servants we're living intentionally we're gonna be prepared like the virgins with their lamps filled with oil but we're also gonna be talking to the other virgins the five in that parable you don't have the oil your wicks not trimmed you need to know Jesus Christ is coming back so I hope the Lord stirs us for that and I'll just pray one more time Lord
This word, it's written outside of this time domain and you do that for a purpose so that when we look at prophecy, it reminds us of the time domain that you're not in this one.
And these things that you speak were written outside only a God could predict the future.
And you given us this place as knowledge will increase.
As you said there in Daniel, we see the knowledge increasing of the last days like no other time.
All these things point at our redemption draws near.
And so Lord, I can rest in the promises of your word.
And as we do that, it's not just about the prediction of the future of these things.
It's about the promises of today to every last one of the words that you promised.
We'll take it that he who began a good work will faithful to complete it and let no one leave here not knowing that you're on the move in our lives in their lives personally and Lord these things will come to pass and so too shall we as we stand before the throne and we will be received in the beloved.
I thank you and I praise you in your name.
Amen.
Well, we look at these 14 points.
And again, I have to, um, that's just a drive by today.
When we do it every last Sunday of the month at 11 45, we spend a lot more time.
I pull a lot more news articles and these type of things.
I just want to remind us of these promises that we have and the amazement of
the word around us.
Well, these 14 points, we talk about Israel, that God's not done with Israel.
And then there's going to be this revive Roman Empire.
We see it as the European Union that's going to come around in our last days.
And here it is before us.
But then there's going to be this one world government that forms.
Boy, do we see glimpse of it like no other time during COVID.
And, you know, that was, uh, that was take one.
That was a precursor to what's to come.
But then during this time,
the discontentment of man will show itself strong that sin will abound because man will find no peace in this world.
And then the great deception will be there will be preachers who profess but they won't teach the word and spirit and truth because they're afraid to speak in truth because they're afraid of the seats that will be empty and the coffers that will be dry.
But here's what we will see and then as we said
Knowledge will increase and there's going to be all these things to start to form and it ends there as everything flows to the throne of grace and it's all flowing before the Lord.
And so the first one we look at here is Israel and God's not done with Israel.
But when does God start Revelation chapter 6 through 19, His dealing with Israel?
after he takes the church out and that is what we call the blessed hope and I was sharing this morning you know I was in the Paul last month and I taught this these 14 points at the Bible school there to the students that was like six hours I just want to give you a comfort to know today we'll only do 50 minutes and
But I started with the rapture.
And, you know, we're pulling students from all corners of Nepal.
It's only one and a half percent Christian.
And when I asked the, you know, the students, there was like 15 or 20, how many had ever heard of the rapture?
Only three have.
And it's no fault of any preacher in there.
I mean, these people there on the remote corner, they're just, you know, they're happy to even have one of the books of the Bible.
And so these guys that are coming to the school, we're training them so they can go back out and share these type of words.
But the point that I make about that is after a week later, one of the students, they said, well, tell the pastor what you took.
From his teaching, he said it was the blessed hope.
And I just found it amazing because I didn't say that.
That's what we call the rapture, the blessed hope, that we have more to this world than in life than what it is.
But there's this blessed hope that he's just going to come.
He's going to grab his church.
He's going to take it away before we start Revelation 6 through 19 and the Ursin upheaval and all these things.
And I just go, man, Lord, you're so good just the way your word translates in the heart of man, just like that.
That even though I didn't teach on the rapture,
He knew his heart was stirred.
This is blessed hope.
This is glorious.
And so I say that to remind us because I know the rapture isn't talked about much that God's going to come.
He's going to seize away his church before all this unfolds here.
And what's the point that I make that's so important for us as a church?
It's not replacement theology.
Revelation 6 through 19, when it speaks of Israel, it is Israel.
it's not the church and so people don't want to acknowledge that it's Israel because there's just this move of the dark world of the devil and that's why we see such a rise in anti-Semitism but the church can't believe that God could rebirth Israel but Romans 11 God says
In the last days, all of Israel will be saved.
And so when we look at Israel, we look at these three things always.
We look at, can a nation be born in a day?
Isaiah 66, again, all these notes are tagged to the audio and video when they hit our website today.
God's gonna re gather Israel from the four corners of the earth Ezekiel 36 and 37 and then Israel will be a stumbling block and a cup of trembling Zachariah 12 is that not right before our very eyes continually well so first thing Israel May 14th 1948 check It's there That's amazing.
That wasn't a precursor to the rapture either
If anything, it's not a precursor, but it sure does tell me, wow, if Israel's been birthed in a day, how much closer am I?
Are we to the rapture of the church?
And here's the point.
If I go no further and we ended right here, and we're going to end with communion today to celebrate that it's done, and this is sure.
No nation ever has survived longer than 200 years without a homeland.
Only one nation in the history of all of mankind
and it's Israel.
And there's a reason because God holds them.
God's not done with them.
They are the prophetic picture that will be spoken of in the book of Revelation 6 through 19.
2000 years without a homeland born in a day
Ezekiel 36 37 God says going to draw them from the four corners of the earth right now We're approaching 8 million Jewish people living in Israel.
Why is that significant to me?
I just find it ever so interesting the slide and the chart and the notes that you'll see here is for the first time in my life and it's right on the thin edge right now more Jewish people live in Israel Combined than the rest of the world combined
For my early parts of my life walking with the Lord, there was more Jewish people living in New York than living in Israel.
And you can see this chart as it just keeps growing and growing and growing.
In May 14, 1948, there was only 750,000 Jewish people living in the land.
And now here we are at 7.75.
So seven million people in 75 years have moved, immigrated or birthed into Israel.
Only God could do that, as I always like to say, who would move back to Israel in the midst of a war, a constant battle and a constant threat?
And this is what is so amazing for us as we watch the rise of anti-Semitism around the world.
It's rising here in America, Western Hemisphere very specifically, that Jewish people around the world,
Australia being one just this month this horrendous attack They know and this article here all my articles are usually within the last month Almost half of the British people believe UK no longer safe for Jews to live
Jewish people are leaving the places that they were comfortable because they know the rise of anti-Semitism, the hatred towards the Jewish people, the only place that's going to be safe is back in the homeland where they will protect us because of who we are, not because of who we are, as in the rest of the world that attacks them.
What's my point when I say that?
Anti-Semitism, and it's a shame to watch churches afraid to talk about it.
They think it's a political issue, and I'll talk about it today.
If it's biblical, it's not political.
And a lot of pastors are afraid to talk.
They say it's too political.
And I go, no, it's biblical.
Political is, you know, should we raise taxes?
Political is, should we build homes, you know, for whatever in this state force?
That's political.
Biblical?
If it's in the Bible, it's political.
And when we talk about Israel and all these other type of things, it's not a political topic.
And so here we have, and the point that I make is, you know what Satan's number one goal, why he wants the Jewish people wiped off the face of the earth?
Because he wants the world to forget what happened on that land 2,000 years ago through that lineage of the Jewish people that the Messiah Jesus Christ came.
birthed in Bethlehem, 33 perfect years of sinlessness, went to a cross and died for our sin that anyone who will lay their head as John the Baptist would point and say, behold the Lamb of God who take away the sin of the world, everybody knew what that meant.
Passover lamb was lay your hand on the head of the lamb, transfer your guilt and shame of breaking God's holy law onto that lamb.
And that innocent lamb was then the one that was sacrificed.
He became the lamb for us that we lay our hand.
Lord, forgive me for my sin.
I broke in this law.
I've transgressed these type of things.
And then he took it, went to across traded places so that we might be, Ephesians one, saints chosen adopted.
And that can't be undone.
Satan wants to make the world forget what happened there, wipe the Jewish people, make the world forget what is done there on that mount there of Moriah.
And then thirdly, Satan wants to make, he thinks he can actually stop the prophetic clock, that if he can stop what's going on in Israel and the rebirth, he can stop the return of Jesus Christ as the book of Revelation will say.
And just before I move on, it's a new year.
It's an ending of a year.
What a year to start in just pure obedience.
Lord, I want to be sold out for you.
I want to live holy onto you and every word that you say, Satan thinks he can be an exclusion to the word of God, that somehow it won't be fulfilled if he can do this, this and this, or he's some exception.
And I know that sounds crazy because we know book of revelation makes it clear.
This is your end.
1,000 year, bottomless pit, then in the end, judge marked to Gahana forever.
And you and I have to just go and remember this always.
We will never be the exception to God's word.
Whatever his holy word says, we can't think, yeah, but that's not gonna apply for me because of my situation.
I can disobey the word of God in this way or I have this special exception because of this situation and it's never played out that way and it never will play out this way.
But here's the beautiful part about it.
Just as it's sure and true that Israel will be rebirthed than it was and just as sure as it's true that the devil will find his place in the final place that he's been destined to.
the day that he fell is so too that I know, I know there's a word that can never be undone.
I'm a saint, I'm chosen and I'm adopted.
And we can rest in that.
And if there's anything I can say today, let's go live like it.
And every time you read and see Israel, you remember, boy,
Romans 11, all of Israel will be saved.
Wow, Revelation 6 through 19, just as you said, here they are being rebirthed and here they are forming Ezekiel 36.
And then every time you see war and all those things there, Zachariah, as we looked at that word there, that in Zachariah 12 here, that just as the cup of trembling, every time I see it, it's just as God said it would be.
So you know what?
Hey, the world's not falling apart.
It's fallen right in the places God said it would be.
Well, as we look at that, there's going to become this
revived Roman Empire, we call it the United States of Europe, the European Union, Revelation 13, Daniel 7, Daniel chapter 9.
Out of it's gonna become a man of peace and he's gonna broker this peace with Israel and its enemies and boy, every world leader is trying and every world leader says if I can be the one all the world will know I'm the greatest leader in the world.
President Trump, try as you may, he will not.
Somebody will.
It will not be President Trump who's going to broker this long-lasting peace, but what does it mean to us?
It's before our very eyes.
We're watching world leader after world leader after world leader try to broker this peace.
One man is going to come.
He's going to be so dynamic that he's going to broker this piece.
He's going to revive out of what we know as the Roman Empire, revive Roman Empire.
This is the Roman Empire at its zenith and here is very much what you see.
This is the European Union.
See how closely the resemblance is as we watch it growing in its power.
It has its own economy.
It has its own army that's building and it has its own, you know,
open border states between European members and these type of things.
Fascinating is right before our very eyes.
We are the generation that gets to see the revived Roman Empire like never before.
And they're building up their army.
What's the point that I want to make about this?
And of course I only get a couple minutes of a point here is they recognize that
the threat of Russia coming through Ukraine.
So here they've guaranteed a $90 billion loan this week to help Ukraine fight against Russia because they want to keep that distance of Russia coming into Europe.
But it's a fascinating here is these news articles are talking about how they know, and here's CNN this week, the shadow Russia cast over Europe has forced it to face the truth.
The risk of war is once again real.
They're beefing up their army, they're staging their borders and all these type of things as a united front knowing that war
can happen and here's the point that I want to make that's fascinating for us.
It was President Trump came into office said I ain't throwing you money anymore.
I'm not we the United States aren't going to be the great defender of Europe and all these things that this one man did is forcing Europe before our very eyes just in one year they are more unified the European Union than ever before.
They are not divided over the United States they're united
over the United States in this place that they know we cannot risk the United States is gonna be here for us and therefore we have to unite together as one because this president could be the one a very well go we ain't coming and don't think we're gonna keep sending trillions of dollars to you and get nothing out of the matter and so one man has before our very eyes in just one year and here we are at the end of the year watching it gather
Well, Jesus tells us in Matthew 24 that during this time of all these things before us, we're going to see this great rise in war.
And there hasn't been a day of peace on this earth since like 1900.
There's been a war everywhere around us just as Jesus said there would.
Here's a war that's been going on for four years between Russia and the Ukraine.
And you look at Russia and what did they send to Ukraine as Christmas?
On Christmas Eve, they went and they launched missiles and drones into Kiev, the largest city in Ukraine.
I've been to Kiev, I've been to Moscow.
You know, I always say this and I just want to, there's wars
And there's our, I've been to Russia.
I've worshiped with brothers and sisters just like you and I do today.
I've been to Kiev and I worshiped with brothers and sisters just like you and I today.
And there are Christians who are in the middle of this insanity of war led by this mad man.
And I've been doing prophecy updates for 20 years.
And I should go back and get the old slides for 20 years.
I've always put Vladimir Putin up.
We did it annually.
And I would put Vladimir Putin up and said the most dangerous man on the planet is Vladimir Putin.
And he still is.
Europe knows it.
Therefore it's staging.
The world knows it and the upheaval.
We're going to talk more about that before we finish as we talk about the Magog invasion.
And so we're just watching these things squeeze this world into the shape that it is.
And once again, before our very eyes, which is amazing for us, before I move on, war is the declaration of discontentment.
That's what war is.
world so much as desperate for peace, but war shows the discontentment in man's heart, not being happy with what they got, where they are, and how things are going for them, and so we can see this rise.
And as we talk about these things next, the rise of man's sin of not being satisfied
only will stir war to a greater height and zenith because when man is not satisfied with his personal life then it will lead to the greater intensity of war as we look at this.
But there's a war world that's desperate for peace in many ways.
But you know speaking of wars not having a United States just
signed their nine hundred and one billion dollar defense bill and you can be sure that ain't the number that's the low number there's way more numbers behind that that uh... the world they don't talk about because they don't want the enemy to know where some of the other monies go but nine hundred one billion dollars that we've we're gonna spend but this is scary to me i think of you know reading revelation the pentagon launches a one billion dollar program to buy rapidly to rapidly buy hundred
of thousands, hundreds of thousands of kamikaze drones.
How do you stop hundreds of thousands of drones coming with some type of weaponry?
I mean, the war in the future is frightening.
And that's where I come to.
Lord, I am an escapist.
Right?
That's a cop out.
Oh, you bet.
Rapture me, take me out.
I don't want to be here to see this type of things.
And you know what?
We won't be watching from the mezzanine when people go.
We'll be watching.
We could, we not, we're going to see him.
We're going to be in all of his glory and this will all be over the seven year tribulation before we realize, oh, we've been here for seven years.
It's going to be, we're going to be in awe.
And he's going to say, let's go.
That's going to be the end of the tribulation.
That's where we'll close today and then we'll take communion.
But.
the rise that we see in wars and of course natural disasters this year alone 200 billion dollars global economy hit with all these natural disasters and more to come but every time we do this I always talk about the silent war and it's in the womb
Man has become so desensitized to the value and sanctity of life.
We don't even blink that before this study will be over, nearly 5,000 babies will be aborted.
5,000 babies an hour just about that's happening here.
And I always say, if you want to see what America looks like five years from now, look at Canada.
And Canada this year alone has set its record for euthanasia.
So now it's beyond the womb.
Canada sets record killing 16,499 people by euthanasia.
Disabled citizens filled threatened December 5th, 2025.
You know, they euthanized a person that had mental health issues.
And you just have to look at the insanity of that is if the person had mental health issues and that's why you euthanize them because you thought you were doing them a favor, how do they know that they would even agree to this?
if they had these mental health issues.
Do you see how it's just man stepping in and playing God on who they deem as worthy and fit?
And that's one of the things we're gonna see as, and that's of course one of the things we do see as we talk about this one world government that's gonna form during this time.
And COVID was a good snapshot that we see, but the global elitists are the ones who kind of make these big decisions.
of who prospers, who doesn't, who lives, who dies, who gets this, who gets that.
It's about power.
It's about control.
But it isn't interesting as we look at this one world around us and there will be a one world religion, Revelation 13 and Revelation 17 speaks about that.
It won't be religionless.
It will be Christless.
Christ will be silenced as we read the book of Revelation.
Those who preach the true and follow the one true and living God, they will be the ones who are separated and isolated and then will even read martyred and keeled.
So it's not gonna be religionless, it'll just be Christless.
And if you watch the world around us, isn't it interesting?
Especially during the holiday Christmas season,
If you've been watching the newspaper and hear some of my news clipping, Europe and the likes, Christmas celebrations got attacked, burned down, and destroyed by those who are against Christ.
And so much so, even places in Europe started canceling Christmas celebrations because they say we can't provide the security for it.
And this is the world that we live in here and what we see here in the world around us.
And I know this can sound heavy, but when we read a newspaper, when we think about these things, we just need to remember it's just as he said it would be.
Speaking of the Lord, there's a fear of the radical, the extremists they're called who are against Jesus Christ.
Let me say this.
They're not.
are they do they do radical extreme things yes but they do it because they're fundamentalist they fundamentally believe the so-called holy book they read the Quran tells them to do these things to kill the Jews and destroy the Christians that's a heavy word on a Sunday coming from the pulpit but then again that's what
why this happens, because pastors are afraid to say such things, because it doesn't fill seats and it doesn't make people feel comfortable.
And that's how these things, and we'll talk more about the great deceptions, those who will be afraid to say such things.
But they fear this fundamental extremism, and we're watching Europe be overrun.
And now, in our own country, the greatest city, New York City, will have somebody as the New York City mayor who is totally anti-Christian against Christ.
Does not believe Jesus Christ is Lord and has no favor for the things of Jesus Christ.
And this is the day that we're living in before us.
I got so many more things I could say about that, but I know as the time permits and doesn't.
Um, so all these things, and it's almost like, I know this feels like it's a finish start flowing, but really right here, the iniquity and sin will abound.
Um, second Timothy three, Matthew 24, Luke 19.
I will not have this man rule over us.
This is the hinge pin and center of everything.
It's that sin and iniquity abounds.
And as it does, these things that we've read up to this point and the things we'll read after all come out of because, Luke 19, but the citizens hated him and sent a delegation after him saying, we will not have this man reign over us.
And it's because men, as we'll read 2 Timothy, will be lovers of themselves, disobeying the parents.
People would be grateful for nothing.
Homosexuality would increase.
People would be without self-control and sex.
People would love pleasure more than God.
This is all 2 Timothy chapter 3, 1 through 5, and the notes will be attached to these type of things.
You know what all this proves?
And as I look at the news, there's a new drug hit in Philadelphia.
It'll be down here in Baltimore soon enough.
The increase in the drug use of mankind.
How about this article here?
One out of every eight Americans has taken an antidepressant.
More than 48 million have a substance use disorder.
The suicide rate has been trending in the wrong direction for years and according to the Gallup percentage of U.S. adults that are currently dealing with depression has nearly doubled in 10 years.
You know what it proves?
the discontentment of the human heart, the emptiness of the human heart.
They're filled with these type of things.
They're finding no hope because they don't know the hope that has come through Jesus Christ and everything that we see here hinges on these things and here's the point and for anyone listening to the key to life is finding the right God.
Everybody in this room has a God.
Everybody in this world has a God.
For many, it's a small G God.
It's a God of money.
It's a God of lust.
It's a God of pride.
All these things that we just read, but then there's those who have a God with the capital G, Jesus Christ, Him crucified.
the way, the truth, and the life.
No man comes before the Father except through him.
And that is what when the people are looking for and have the wrong God, then they are susceptible to all these things.
But I'll still say that to Christians.
I pray 2026, because I know, because I spend a lot of time with people that even Christians are now finding themselves.
Oh, not that they'll be lost, not that they
You know, they're not saved.
But then they can just find themselves with whatever it is in this world just being so discontented.
If Jesus Christ said, I've come that they may have life and that more abundant.
And every word of God is pure and true.
And He is a shield to them that put their trust in Him.
If Isaiah 55, my word will not return void.
How can Christians, how can any of us, live in a place of discontentment?
It's not Jesus Christ.
It's not His fault.
What it is, is something is out of kilter, sorts, centered, and we need to get ourselves back to the center that Jesus Christ is Lord and Savior.
I've come that they may have life in that more abundant.
And I think there's a place that maybe before we enter, we're just a couple of days starting a new year.
I think the word will not return void.
And it's like, you know what, Lord, I'm going to evaluate my day and I'm going to evaluate how much time I spend in this and how much time I spend in that.
And I'll say, if your time with the Lord is this little sliver, maybe it's just this once a week.
But maybe your time with the Lord is this little sliver 10, 15 minutes with the Lord in the morning.
And you got 23 and a half hours for the rest of the day.
And you know, I'm not being critical.
You know me, that is the last thing my ministry has ever been, judging, criticality.
But you know, I just got to say it.
If you spend more time Facebook, than you do in the things of the Lord, you really have to ask yourself,
which how will then I really be living if I spend so much time investing in the things of the Lord, but I spend more time investing in the things of the world.
And we're watching the world.
They don't want nothing to do.
One in every eight Americans is depressed.
How many of those are Christians?
But Jesus Christ, he can change that in a moment's notice.
And I think this is why he comes and he speaks to us about these things as we look at the days that we live and the iniquity and sin will abound.
And then there's going to be this great deception.
I talked about it already for some.
Some will depart from the faith and go into false religion, 1 Timothy 4.1.
That's what it says.
That's what it means.
False teachers' religions will be many.
Matthew 24, that's what Jesus said.
And then I love this, people will mock about the last days and not believe.
2 Peter 3, 3 and Jude 18.
So every time they mock, like, what did you do?
I looked at the newspaper and we opened the Bible and we saw how it aligns people.
Go, that's just crazy talk.
You talk about the rapture and you talk about people like, that's just crazy.
Praise the Lord.
You're fulfilling prophecy.
Thank you.
You re-encourage my faith every time someone laughs at me for speaking about
these things, um, I'm digressing, but years ago, 20 some years ago, I was working in the department of defense stuff and we were, uh, had this product and they're like, we got to make sure this product can fight in this environment.
And they went through all this environment.
I go, Oh, we got to make sure this product can fight in Russia and they go,
What are you, some Neanderthal?
Rasha, the bear, it's dead.
Rasha's our friend.
Rasha, they're no longer a threat.
The walls have come down.
I said, you mark my words.
And this is when they go, not crazy guy.
I go, you mark my words.
Rasha will revive.
And they will be the biggest threat on this planet.
And the United States better be ready to face the threat.
And then what did I say here?
Sure enough, that was long before I ever became a pastor.
Long enough, 20 years before I've been teaching prophecy, every year the greatest threat is a man named Vladimir Putin and that Russian bear that will change this whole world because why?
I simply read my Bible.
And so here we have people mocking the last days, false teachers, be afraid to teach the word.
Here's a great deception among the church.
People who believe most self, this is Christian post this month, most self identified Christians.
So they do a survey.
Are you a Christian?
Are you a Muslim?
No, I'm a Christian.
Okay, well, let us ask you this question.
How might you be saved in this?
In the survey, most Christian things doing good things is enough to get into heaven.
It's a works related.
If I just do good works, that's a great deception and somebody needs to teach the word.
Well, I've already talked about if it's biblical, it's not political, and I like this Jesus ate with sinners, not because he wanted to appear
inclusive, tolerant, and accepting.
He ate with them to call them to a changed and fruitful life.
Jesus calls for transformation of life, not affirmation of identity.
Just let that sink in for a while.
And that's what the church needs to be and that's what needs to come from the pulpit.
I was
doing the chat GPT thing I said let me ask it this question about a Greek you know Greek phrase and it's used of the definite article and how that would apply you know stuff that it's like there's some powerful things in in this artificial intelligence stuff
But I said, let me ask this question because I can't find this anywhere because I'm not a Greek scholar.
So I asked a question and it came back and it says, well, let me, you know, let me ask you a question.
Kind of interesting.
And it came back and it asked the question and because I said, you know, for a Bible, what type of teaching?
I said, it's a Bible teaching.
So the chat GPT said, what kind of Bible teacher do you want to be?
And it gave me these choice, dry and academic, shallow and feel good.
harsh overly political rush and I just found that humorist I go it would actually know to ask if I want to be shallow and feel good that obviously there's enough people someone's gonna respond yeah I'm right I'm doing a Bible study and I want to be feel good and I don't want anyone to feel judged and this these type of things and so
I said I want it to be biblical and it actually came back.
That's a good answer.
So anyways, as we move on, the word tells us in Daniel 12 that in the last days, knowledge is going to increase.
I believe it's very specific.
The knowledge of last days is what's spoken of in Daniel chapter 12.
But you can't miss that knowledge in itself will increase.
So both are true for us because we see scriptures.
I was like, you know what?
I am so blessed.
We are so blessed to teach prophecy in the day that we live because it's easy.
You don't have to be some super great scholar or anything like that.
It's just so obvious in these type of things compared to what it was probably a hundred years ago as I think of some of those teachers and those type of things.
But here it's before our very eyes.
But the knowledge increasing, man, right?
This phone that's in our pocket has more power than the Apollo rocket that went to the moon.
Need I say more about that?
But we're speaking of artificial intelligence.
Am I the only one, or does the word artificial concern you in regards to intelligence?
I just find like,
artificial, that just seems, what does artificial mean to me?
Not genuine, not real.
And so there's this artificial intelligence, but make no mistake about this.
There's a human behind it programming, no matter how you mix it up.
And so here's this, um, this was in this week's, um, news.
Egotrip, Elon Musk, Grock, AI Chatbock praises him as the world's greatest human.
So the notes are in there and so somebody typed something in and it came back and gave this great flowery response to Elon Musk.
And of course I sit there and go, well I would imagine if you work for Elon Musk and you have the job of programming this and you want your yearly raise, you know, you're going to make sure that you make him the greatest guy in the world.
And so my point about that is it's one of the greatest
clearest demonstrations that there's a programmer behind it that's a human in the loop is what I'd like to call it and it will sway how it wants the outcome to be.
Well as well this is in the Baltimore Sun a couple weeks ago lawyers who misuse AI subject to blowback from court and what that article is about three cases here in Maryland this year that the lawyers used
chat GPT or artificial intelligence to then take their briefing and present it in the court on why this person should be guilty or innocent.
And then it was later proved out that was a false phony made up article.
It never happened just because it's on the internet doesn't mean it's true.
So once again, we see this, the shaping this happened and especially with our, you know,
All the generation, but our youth especially is you type it in you get a result and you believe this is what it said It looks official and a lot of people just don't know the truth and one of the things I say about that is You can see server farms in Pro
Palestinian places or for pro-Palestinian, whether it's Iran or these type of things.
And these server farms are like almost as big as this room.
And it's just rack upon rack upon rack.
And if you wonder what happens when your phone and you trade your phone in, a lot of them end up that they get bought for 30 bucks.
And they make these server farms and they connect all of them.
Then they send a message in, go onto this phone and send it out to all these people that, you know, spiders on the web and go to all these things and make this statement.
And then people get these things coming.
They're not coming from CNN.
They're not coming from Fox News or something like that.
They're just coming and then they just keep filling the internet with all these lies about Israel.
They'll make up stories about, you know, people dying in snow.
this week in Gaza, thousands of deaths.
There hadn't been snow in Gaza for 50 years.
But all these images start coming out.
And these things, they just keep getting pushed because someone pushes behind them.
And so knowledge shall increase.
And it can be used for good things.
And by no means want to say artificial intelligence is purely
evil.
There's a lot of great things, especially in the medical field, but I must finish.
There's a time that's going to come.
I don't know when, but Ezekiel 38 and 39 speaks of a time where Israel's going to be at peace.
Russia, Turkey, Iran,
Libya Sudan They're gonna come from the north and they're gonna invade Israel and Israel will think they're at peace and then they won't be prepared for what is to come could talk about this for a long time, but
I find this interesting in that here's Russia.
I ran Turkey.
I took this picture myself when I was in Israel overlooking into the Syrian border.
I don't have an, I don't have an article for it, but last night, um, what it appears no one can confirm yet dozens of trucks rolled in from Turkey into Syria and they were all loaded with, um, radar.
And they were loaded with radar that obviously can detect aircraft.
And then if you can detect the aircraft, you can target the aircraft with your targets.
And what the belief is that Turkey rolled them in so that it would take away the airspace that
Israel has been pretty much freely exercising in as it goes and has been doing what it's been doing in these wars, whether it's with Lebanon, whether it's with Iran, whether it's with Hamas and these type of things.
So Turkey showing itself, but I thought this was interesting just this week.
Russia in talks with Sudan.
Remember one of the
countries that's going to be joining is Sudan.
And here we see Russia talks with Sudan to establish presence on Red Sea in addition to possible return to Syria.
Man, you just see these pieces coming together.
And then you talk about Russia and Turkey joining.
Turkey says Russia gave it $9 billion in new financing for a nuclear power plant.
And so we're watching these pieces just like we said it would.
And there's just so much more I could talk about.
But I know it's
time to be these are the short points but there's gonna be a rebuilt temple and in that rebuilt temple Matthew 24 Jesus says this man of peace gonna come in declare himself to be God while here Israel's begging and ready for a temple to be rebuilt there's a thing called the temple a place called the temple institute they got all the utensils and things that would go into the temple and I just
make the point of the fact that we even talk about the temple just tells me that this the prophetic picture of a 2000 years and here comes this temple is trump planning this is Jerusalem post is trump planning on rebuilding Jerusalem's third temple just the fact that we're having the conversation says to me 2000 years without a homeland Jesus said in Matthew 24 that the temple be rebuilt 70 AD it's destroyed and now here we are 2000 years later and they're talking about rebuilding it
This book truly written outside of our time domain.
Well, where's America as a bunch of Americans?
Well, here we are as America, no scriptures.
I have no scriptures that I can quote and say, here's America and what the picture of America, but here's what I can say for us.
And this is what we pray about.
Genesis chapter 12, the promise that was made to Abraham, I will make you a great nation.
I will bless you and make your name great.
and you shall be a blessing.
I will bless those who bless you and I will curse him who curses you."
And there's a place, do I trust everything that Israel does?
No.
Do I think we should blindly support?
Do I think everything they've done in the wars that they are fighting right now is absolutely correct?
No.
But what I do know is
There's a promise that comes from the Lord and I think one of the greatest reasons America is blessed so greatly is that we are Israel's greatest friend and they have no greater ally than us.
But you take this point, there will come a day when America, this Magog invasion won't even be there for them.
And that's what we read in the Ezekiel that they're going to say.
Why are you doing this?
But no one will stand up for Israel.
And that will be the moment that God steps in and defends them.
And that's when they'll come to know.
And this is when Romans 11, I'm sure, will be fulfilled.
All of Israel will be saved when they realize the Messiah that they missed.
But for America,
Genesis 12, there's a blessing.
Joel chapter 3 says that God's going to bring a curse upon anyone who divides up their land.
And so what I would say for the President Trump and any other president to follow, the last thing we need to do as a country is to be part of a two-state solution.
We need to stay out of it.
It's none of our business.
Let Israel decide what they want to do and let us not
reap this curse.
So every time I hear someone talking about that, I get nervous as a country.
And we know, and we talked about this 2,000 years ago, this was written in Revelation 13.
The mark, no man can buy or sell without this mark.
Well, here it is.
It's in our pocket.
You know, speak of the artificial intelligence.
When did the internet really come about?
Nineteen ninety five.
Roughly 35 years ago.
And I think about these type of things.
The internet started booming about that time ago.
But 2,000 years ago, and this was written, no one says, no way, that could ever be possibly so.
But now here it is, it's in your pocket.
Now here it is, artificial intelligence.
Now here it is, the internet and all this world transaction, nothing.
It's nothing for a one world economy with this one chip
blocks or sends buying and selling to happen.
There it is, artificial intelligence, powered by facial recognition, whatever this may be, and these type of things are coming.
And Babylon will be rebuilt.
And what I say about this is we can look at Babylon in Revelation 14 and Revelation 18.
It seems like it's the last thing that could possibly ever come to pass.
How can Babylon become a world, Babylon, Iraq?
How can it become this world economic center again?
I don't know.
But here's what I know.
Without a doubt, and I'm sure I can't tell you how I ever thought Israel would be rebirthed.
I can't tell you how I ever thought that someone could look 2,000 years ago, that someone one mark could limit you to buy and sell.
Now I carry it in my pocket.
Now I have a phone that has more power than the one that went to the moon in computing power.
And this is what I can be sure of.
And this is what I can tell you.
And this is where I know we'll close with.
Because God said it so.
I think one of the greatest
powerful moments that I had with the Lord, because, you know, teaching prophecy for 2,000 or 2,000 years, 20 years, feels like 2,000.
I would say this, and maybe you remember it, because I say it, I mean, I would say it with such confidence and strength.
I can guarantee you this, that there will come a day that
Russia and Iran and Turkey, they're going to come when Israel has no defense and they are going to move and Israel will be doomed but God will intervene and supernaturally protect them without any help.
And I go, you could be sure that.
And then when I read the newspaper, I can say, Israel will stand.
Israel will never fall.
Israel will always be Israel because they are Revelation 6 through 19.
The word of God, Romans 11 says, surely all of Israel will be saved.
And God's making the point that he's not done with Israel.
And I can say, you can mark that in stone every time you think Israel's ready to be doomed and pushed off into the sea.
And one time the Lord said to me,
But do you believe that about the promises that I've made to you about you?
And I knew what he was saying.
Oh, I speak it so confident that God's hand is on Israel.
And yet it was so easy for me to go, but that's Israel.
And there's a place, Philippians 1-6, he who began a good work, we're faithful to complete it.
I'll never leave you nor forsake you.
I've chosen you from the foundations of the world.
You are my saint, dedicated to me.
You are the chosen, and you are adopted son.
And that is a word for every last one of us.
If you have your communion element, that promise that is sure, there's a battle of armageddon that's going to come.
These kings of the east, they're going to be done with
the Santa Christ and He will speak and it will be over our Jesus and He's going to establish His kingdom on earth for a thousand years and we will rule and reign with Him.
But there's a promise that is sure that He's going to take us out of here before all this comes down.
And all these promises that we've read and studied and a book that's written outside of this time domain clearly shows us the heart of God and the power of God in our life.
Just as Israel will be Israel exactly as he said it shall be.
So is every last word that he's spoken to us through this Bible for all these 52 weeks of 2025 that we can be sure and true of.
And even as great as all that we've read today, there's one thing that cannot ever be challenged that is the proof solidified on the night in which he was betrayed, took bread, broke it, said, take, eat.
This is my body.
Do this in remembrance of me.
And I love the part that he adds until I come.
Lord, we take this bread and we do it in remembrance of you.
What you've done for us.
And we take the bread and just know this one thing.
It says you said it was it is done.
Let's take the bread.
And likewise, after supper had ended, he took the cup and said, this is my blood.
It's the cup of the New Covenant.
New Testament.
Matthew through Revelation.
Your works, not ours, good works doesn't get us into heaven.
We'd never know when we were good enough and the work was done.
Except we only need to look back 2,000 years ago and know
The work was done, and it is finished.
The Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world, one drop of that blood cleanses us from all unrighteousness.
And we get to settle on end 2025 as a church together that the promise was true.
And we can look to 2025 and know that he who began a good work will be faithful to complete it.
Let's take this cup.
Let's have the worship team come back
Lord, I just want to praise you and I want to thank you for what you've given us through this word and that we can rest in it and be secure in it.
And Lord, as we worship you, you're worthy to be worshiped.
You're worthy to be praised.
Let our hearts sing on to you.
Zephaniah 317, the amazing Lord that you sing over us, would you please hear us singing over you and let our heart rise, let it be as an incense before the throne.
We praise you for 2025 held in your hand and we glorify you for 2026, which will be a year that you still hold us and transform us and take us into deeper knowledge of you.
Thank you for looking back and we thank you in advance for looking forward in your name.
Amen.